### Meeting Start Time

2025/04/13/9:00 PM

### Meeting End Time

2025/04/13/9:43 PM

### Location/Medium

Discord

### Present

Tanner, Brooke, Ethan, Bella

### Minute Recorder

Tanner

### Topics Discussed

Talked about the problems with the python working within react and potential ways to try and work around it. 
potential ways are just running the main function through python script. 
Also talked about the best approach to try and fix some of the bugs with the transition and to make it work on more areas than just the top links. 
Also going over the reports page and how to go to the right place from clicking the links in there. 
### Things Clarified
The tasks that we have to do. Some of the different ways we should approach these problems. 
Clarified who will be at the banquets and the symposium.
