### Meeting Start Time

2025/04/01/7:00 PM

### Meeting End Time

2025/04/01/7:24 PM

### Location/Medium

Discord

### Present

Tanner, Brooke, Ethan, Bella

### Minute Recorder

Tanner

### Topics Discussed

Talked about the tasks we need done for iteration 5 plus some confusion about who will be using it. 
We separated the tasks to all of the different team members.

### Things Clarified
The tasks that everyone has to work on like the logs, prediction, poster, etc.
