### Meeting Start Time

2025/02/23/7:30 PM

### Meeting End Time

2025/02/23/7:58 PM

### Location/Medium

Discord

### Present

Tanner, Brooke, Ethan, Mason

### Minute Recorder

Tanner

### Topics Discussed

Talked about the pull request for the bug report, talked about what everyone has done like the keyboard shortcuts and tests. 
Talked about the remaining data we need from the client. Talked about when to also work on documentation early as well.

### Things Clarified
The tasks everyone needs to be working on like the test, modulation, reports, etc. Who is working on these tasks, when to have them done by,
and how to set up the data in everyones Mysql.
