## Week of 12/01/2024
### Meeting Start Time

2025/02/17/5:30 PM

### Meeting End Time

2025/03/17/6:28 PM

### Location/Medium

Zoom

### Present

Tanner, Ethan, Bella, Ergin, Brooke, Mason

### Minute Recorder

Tanner

### Topics Discussed

Showed off the Admin Dashboard for Iteration 4 and beginning plans for iteration 5

### Things Clarified

Showed our product off to the client, showing off the new prediction function that is hour based, along with the average and total amount of times that have been blocked. 
The blocked score was a bit difficult to understand what it actually meant without explanation. 
It is good but they feel like a percentage base of the day would be closer to what they would want. 
Talked about how the program should check for the total time blocked if they don’t take a picture due to a camera being downed. The client has changed how they handle data slightly.
Having total blocks would be more helpful than having a block score so that it is easier to read for a normal user. 
The request page is heading towards what the client wants with being able to click on it. The prediction should be read out when a camera is missing.

The main feature for iteration 5 would be for when a report is approved, it will move the image from its folder to what it should actually be or a prototype for it. 


### How Client used the software

He mainly used it to look at the predictions and ask questions about it again. He didn't really go into much else after that since everything 
from those pages were the same
