### Meeting Start Time

2025/04/21/12:00 PM

### Meeting End Time

2025/04/21/12:11 PM

### Location/Medium

Discord

### Present

Tanner, Brooke, Ethan, Bella, Mason & Bradley 

### Minute Recorder

Tanner

### Topics Discussed

Showed off the new changes to Bradley. 
Talked about the testing problems with jest not liking custom made Tsx files.

### Things Clarified
Wants us to try an index that exports all custom made components that the test could potentially use.
